So easy a caveman can do it!
It's good
This app honestly made me uninstall. But the new APK is a masterpiece. The search works now! On top of it. YouTube compatibility. My only complaint is that I'd like to organize things more, remove or add album pics, rearrange things, etc. But I'm not going to bump this great app to a 4 because of a acceptable thing. Keep up with the great work!
I went on the website to download frostwire plus but  now I get less results than when I used this so called basic
Deleted my songs
I can find any song I am looking for! And I can use PowerAmp to listen to my music, instead of the native app.
Great app. Thank you ALL so much.
Once you get the update it shows so much more options
I loved it. It had everything I searched and fast. This Is a great app should download
Gives me all I need.
I can find almost anything I want here!
It is the best music downloader of all the ones that i used .
When I click on movie then download and go to transfers it is not there
I can't download anything from YouTube even though I copied and pasted the proper links
Nice app
I find whatever I need hella fast and reliable. Better than LimeWire ever was. Files never have any type of malware attached, and you can find very high quality stuff easily. Keep up the good work. And the other users - They couldn't run a file sharing service for the life of them. They are complaining about things they clearly know nothing about. But keep up the good work FrostWire. I'm currently using Plus.
Best music downloader around, love it.
Everytime I download songs and go to my song library it has also downloaded a bunch of random songs related to the music I actually meant to download... Pretty annoying to be honest
It said download in background but didn't download I at all
Installed new apk... Worked for a few weeks. Now it doesn't again.
It plays all the music that I what it is so cool and amazing
Ive known frostwire to be a great app now its super slow at finding songs and now it won't let me down load songs pls fix this problem
It's okay I like it but there are small problems because sometimes a song I downloaded from here would randomly play without me hitting play, but other than that I like it.
Best and most reliable torrent Downloader ever, and it has a very sleek menu and it's very easy to find torrents.
Gives me MANY more songs than other apps. THANK YOU
Way better than ttorent and any other fake ass apps
i love it
I liked it but broader range of music would give it 5
Why won't the music save to my sd card. I have the settings switched to sd card but it won't save to it
Don't listen to all the people giving poor reviews. I've never had any problems since downloading the plus version, definitely the most reliable torrent downlader around keep up the good work! :)
Best app ever
Liked it but
No complaints since first discovering this app.
Love it
Does not download all songs I want
Destroyed my sd card and my daughters after we removed the app from our phones. Do not get this app
Last week I downloaded a few songs. I am now being SUED for copyright infringement!
Theres was no needs to up grade this apps now its in its worse stage almost everyone delete it
Can't share files or up load to save for later use to be able to share with other apps now I can't will be deleting no need for this app was good why it lasted   can no longer upload to my Dropbox and when I open the file I'm give to option open or delete that is all
Love it
Love it
I get all favorite music
EVERY SINGLE TIME I PRESSED IT IT SAID'"NOT RESPONDING PLEASE  TRY AGAIN" OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER!!!!!!!!!! IT SUUUUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love frostwire it get all the music I want  cool wow 
It take to long
10 outta 10
Awesome 
If your looking for music its the best
It literally took 5 whole minutes when I searched a song, and then it said retry.
I just love it
Kool
All the music\videos in one app!
This site/app is unresolved. Doesn't search for nothing. And the plus version didn't solve anything, come on really. Shouldn't take 2 minutes for "no results"
It forces to close
I like it, as simple as that.
Awesome all the songs i want plus it actually works
i recomend u to get Zedge
Awesome
So far good but I would like the listen to my music before I download it just so I know for sure that's the right song or if its a song I've never seen before and would like to know what it sounds like before I waste my time on downloading it that's all 
Very cool
Gives you everything you need to know
Half the time the app won't even open, but when it chooses to work its the best app I've found to find all your favorite music
We need you find tube back
This app is amazing  cuz i can listening my music went i no have internet is really good 
IT DOSENT WORK AT ALL IT ALWAYS SAYS LOADING WHEN I HAVE FULL BARS OF WIFI AND WHEN IT FINISHES GUESS WHAT IT SAYS NO RESAULTS
I absolutely love my music and have tried so many music apps. This is the best by far! Keep up the good work guys!
Pls someone fix the app it won't download or  show any results anymore worked amazing in the beginning
This app is a life saver, can find any song Im lookin 4
This is obviously a professionally made app which can legally download free music.   It has a search engine which can handpick out songs/MP3/Torrents/MP4 files.    I would recommend this app to anyone who seeks free music.
It bad but yuh should be able to keep de songs even tho frostwire is uninstalled
It has let me download every music I want the only problem I see in it is that there's loads of different song singers to one song why can't it be just the one singer that actually sings it ?? Other than that I love it thank
Love it!
It's perfect its just that when it loads it takes forever
I can't download a fnaf song
If you don't have servace or an email this is the app for you
It takes two hours to an hour to download one song
I love it :-)
Seriously.  Used this on and off for years. Now you just deleted all my music files. All personal listening.  No breach of contract. Id blacklist you if I could.  this was not unistalled until after I found music files were deleted.  And looking at files it was not sd card.
When you download songs and they go yo frostwire its amazing because you can do everything but the only problem I have is that it is harder to download songs straight from the app you have to download them from somewhere else but I love this app and would totally download it and recommend
Nothing is geting found
Hi
Great songs and quality
It never loads the search results
Takes too long to search up songs
Follow the link on the app and download the one from their website it adds sooo  many more songs! Great app!
It takes a lot of time to download movies and songs but it is the best to download music in this app
Shout out to this company.#SALUTE
It's ok I guess
This is an awesome app. I can not describe it in words.
I love it
Keeps dropping downloads every time i redownload it kicks in a week or less
Slow af!!!
Don't download waist of time
Got the plus version and it is working great!
Would be a five star rating but the videos I download will not play..
Love you
Good to use
I hop this work
It takes forever to find certain artist and then says it can't find them
Works great
Not good piece realy bad  app
Don't have songs I like
Frostwire
So far it has found every song and they are great quality. Works better than any file sharing app I've ever had.
Since the last update I done on this I can't not get any videos to put on my fone that I like to watch this app sucks now new update to put it bk to how it use to be were all videos come up and that and maybe I'll give you a 5 star
I like listening to its songs
Good
I couldnt get on because everytime i try to launch the app on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 it says unfortunately frostwire has stopped
This program messed with my Bluetooth so bad I had to reformat. How do I know it was frostwire? I put every program BUT frostwire back on my phone and my Bluetooth still worked. Thanks a lot. Also this program likes to over ride your default music program. No setting to change that. This program sucks! Avoid this program at all cost.
Best download music app ever for Samsung Galaxy s5 android app. It has every song list you want to download.
I only have 3 songs and I can't download  nothing  I am really  getting  mad
My dad recomends this for me serousely when i really want to download 1D albums (four)...
It was totally better before the update. But now, everytime i open the app, it just crashes.
Good
Its good just a little slow
I Love it ! I've been looking for an app that can download all my songs! It does exactly !!!!
Don't waste your time it force closes all the time
It's good!
Its really good love it get all my favorite songs downloaded
Amazing for all your downloading needs
This app use to work great at first, now it sucks! I can't download most off the songs. It suddenly stoped working! You need to fix it asap!!!!
Google is just ruining the app first they made the company remove YouTube now they must remove soundcloud
Good app
I found most of the songs I searched for. Which is dope.  I love Frostwire
This app is awesome but sometimes it won't download all the music
The only problem I actually have with this app is that sometimes the names are not the same on the downloader as they are in my music player. All the files have worked and, knock on wood, I've had no viruses due to this program. (I was a LimeWire user also). This app is by far the best music downloader I have found, but be warned, they don't always have all the music you want on a tablet or phone. 5 Stars for this app, and I don't hand them out lightly. (I use a tablet that was bought at wal mart.)
This music app is lovely
If Only I can give this no stars I already did! Why? Because I cant download it! My Net Is Fine and it's H+ But???? BUT F.I.O.D! It can't be downloaded! Actually have this app at december but i deleted it because of full storage and now that I'm redownloading it there's nothing happening! I waited 7hours for this. Yes, seriously! But it just stopped at 84% UGH! Don't waste your time for the app! It's not going to be downloaded! &gt;:(
There was not much songs
Lovely
Love frostwire
It's shit it ain't get the right songs I want fuck this shit this is garbage
Well it use to be a good app now. It's crap and doesn't work
Never failed me once
Yea
It's very slow, and it doesn't download all of the songs I want if to, I give up on frostwire. Such a waste of space.
You
Used once and worked then searched 5 other songs and it just keeps searching nothing comes up....what a waste
Please make it more faster to download a movie because its really takes forever!
Adscs
Omg best app 
After downloading this app on my phone and tablet, both devices were noticeably slower and glitchy.
I uninstalled this program by accident and when I installed it again tonight it made my phone freeze.  On three occasions I tried running it and I had to restart my phone each time...I do not know what you guys did to this app but i do not want it on my phone anymore
This app is coolim glad I have it
Whenever I delete the app its deletes the music and I downloaded off my phone
I loved it
It says its downloaded and when I play it it won't play don't use this app!!
The best..!!!
Hella sucky
Its a great app I see there r little problems in it but no ones perfect devises mess up so to the ppl who complain make ur own downloader or stop complaining and move on
Best app
Opened it and lost all cell service. Forced stop and retried... Same thing, couldn't find anything.
I've been using this for a while, but since maybe a few days ago whenever I try to search for a song, nothing will load no matter how long I wait.
I downloaded this app to my phone.  I downloaded 2 songs from the app.  A few days later, I received a notice from my internet provider that I had violated a copyright law and my internet was blocked.  5 songs were downloaded through my internet that I didn't download.  This is a serious of fence and can result in penalties and prison.  I am so disappointed in frostwire.  I have used them in the past and loved the service.  Not anymore....
It doesn't have many torrents to chose from and then when I download something, it doesn't open ( UPDATE ONE MONTH LATER: IT DOESN'T DOWNLOAD IN ONE OF THE NEWEST ANDROID KERNEL VERSION KIT KAT 4.4.4, BUT GOOD LUCK WITH YOUR PHONE. Update: it works perfect on my laptop, but does not work on my xiaomi mi 4. This phone is one of the best on the market. It is 3 times better than the new iPhone 6. With 3 gb of ram it blows the new iPhone out of the water with the iPhones puny 1 gb of ram. Ram, not ROM.
I had like 3 songs and downloaded a few more and it won't let me listen to them it makes my tablet really laggy please fix and I will rate 5 stars.
Worst app ever.  Every song i downloaded was only 5 seconds long or the karoko version.  Waste of time. Worst music app ive ever downloaded.
Sooooo a some
Now I can download straight on to my phone!!
Cool
The app just said  not responding
It takes literally 2 days to load
It was very good yall people don't know how To use the app right because it works fine for a lot of people
Its an awesome app!!!
After all update very few choices come up and very random results too?
Don't listen to dose idiots with crapy phones this works perfectly I can download whatever song I want
Awsome
I like it.
Its good bit for the fact i can download
Worked for a while then didn't then worked and didn't ......would love it and download it again if bugs are worked out ....and even tho its a torrent PLEASE KEEP OTHER PEOPLE REGEA MUST MIX ON THERE ...ITS DUMB
It's alright been gettin harder to find downloadable torrents though
Deff use bruh, thnx
Force closes as soon as I open it on my Asus tablet but usually works on my phone
for some reason icoulnot download nothing .I follow the frostwire guidelines but still no results.Instead contacting frostwire I'd inot lost hope,but I sharp my head and I give cretid to the Lord who gave me the idea to download also the application BitTorrent from playstore.Now guys works good like never before 100%results.I give5stars to the Lord and also 5 star to frostwire Im using Tmobil WiFi 4GLTE -100%Hapy because in my case with frostwire plus and BiTorren together works super fine -Thanks frostwire
Dope!!! Cx
It takes a long time to search my music
Hand Picked Torrents!!!!!!!
The only reason y I still have this app is because I'm scared if I delete it, it might delete the music I previously downloaded on it. In otha words, the app sucks 
Complete  waste of data. Sucks up your gigs then says error. Total waste of money. Beware .. 0 stars
I did not think it would work
I love this app beacuse you don't need internet to lisen to music 
Not pleased. Doesn't successfully download anything.
Sick
Horrible!
Freakin awesome...need a lil faster speed but hey nothings perfect...so this is next to it...
At first i could download tones and now can't pull nothing it keeps thinking and won't pull anything up......... .. delete
, It Was A Great App . I Think Many More People Would Love This App & Its Fast !  
It downloads songs you don't even choose and I can't play most of the songs on my other players
Absolutely disgusted with this app, got a data usage warning on my phone and saw in 6 DAYS it used 680mb of my data even though i didnt download anything or use it!! I dont even know what it downloaded!! And reason for not using it was for how limited the search results were. Avoid this heap of s**t app like the plague. Have to wait a whole month now for my data to reset, lucky i caught it in time.
Nothing will load
I shows you the song you looked up but didn't give you the right one.
Read and followed what Frostwire said I should do to get the update and enable downloading again. I can't search anything until I did it.
I installed it and after a couple days the songs that I downloaded does not work any more......
When I type up a video they say they can't find it because I looked up who is Ariana grande even though I knew who she was and this stupid app couldn't find it get this fix
Just loaded and loaded and loaded and shuts down
Tried downloading greenday albums but it just doesn't download.
good
to my samsung phone if i download this it will say error downloading but its my memory card is 16 gb
I dowloaded the apk and my YouTube searches are coming back up again this app has gotten it's rating back for me !!! Every song I want back on YouTube I can now download